I'm so used to Curtiss being the one
that dresses up and all right he's here
to make you laugh comedian Tom Segura
aka DJ dad mouth is in town
welcome to First Coast living thanks for
having me man all right explaining
outfit Tom I mean I'm just more focused
on you know what you banking to I'm
gonna eat that right we got bacon it's
breakfast today I've been DJing a lot
more than doing stand-up uh-huh so my
focus has been wrapping up to the
stand-up shows and then hitting some
turntables where are you gonna go this
weekend
besides the comedy zone this weekend
I'll go ahead an get the plug one show
tonight two shows tomorrow night two
shows on Saturday as well right so now
you're kind of just looking for
different places to go to to DJ it's all
about the after-party man I mean I want
to give a shout-out to kin man you are
amazed and uh throat Zillah Zillah yeah
said a friend do I want to hear the
story remember what time we're on no I
mean yeah she's a dallas-based
entertainer okay um and she's gifted uh
if you have you know 500 bucks you can
do a lot I was just told to stop for
that story Tom okay yep all right so
your second your second hour-long
special is right now on Netflix neck is
presented by Netflix tell us a little
bit about special I watched it last
night and I was telling you a story off
air you started off it's hilarious and
then you go into some stories where I my
girlfriend's outside of the room and she
goes hi he said what What did he say
yeah well it's dirt it's dirty but but
it's hilarious
yeah I mean your girlfriend she'll find
out what time it is it's basically
basically I was just you know I was
encouraging her to let to let you have a
good time
you know I like how you now know that
you're on TV having to censor yourself
I'm sorry but you did great this fruit
is killer yeah see that's the one with
the jello on it no ma'am you got some
health we've got some bacon we did that
chef ooh is that Chef James from public
sup cheb drag house excellent man um
yeah I feel like yeah mostly stories on
Netflix check it out completely normal
ABS of course it's very funny um you
know it's just me doing my thing for an
hour and change but it's a this is a
whole new hour this weekend so
yeah it's a whole new hour it's gonna be
a good time and then your wall hit the
after-party and guess what fruit from
Jeff James so I'm gonna come I'm we're
going to chef James house go into Publix
you know what she's got a pop knives on
a tweet where the after-party is is that
Chef James house that's all we got to do
all right so you are married to another
comedian yeah y'all hosts a podcast call
your mom's house call your mom's house
tell me a little bit about the podcast
she's funny too
she's hilarious that's a plug plug for
the wife christina pazsitzky yep um
she's my wife very very large chest but
she's a very she's a sweet person I like
her already he's a mother to my child
and okay so in the Netflix special I
will say you hinted about that you're
about to be a dad I'm talking about
impregnating my wife and now yeah she
gave birth to him and he is this is the
evolution of stand-up where you talk
about impregnating her and now I got I
got a bunch of dads stuff but it's not
like believe me it's not PG if you're a
grown-up come to the show I'm not
talking about like oh and then he said
guy got Google's no he said something
else
he said yeah he's on I won't say it
don't I'm not doing I'm not doing okay
you did good sensitive he made bacon to
chef James how has life changed now did
you have you have a kid how little I've
changed um do you have to wake up and do
do that do the stuff it's horrible
no it's great I love you dad we wake up
too early though um I'm lawyer girl -
boy he's a thug but he do you dress him
like this uh he's not no he rejects it
oh yeah but you like the mom dressing
yeah my mom basically has has voting
rights that superseded mine uh I do the
late-night stuff like I'll get up late
your late night dude used to it with
comedy right right right and she does
the early morning and whatever he just
takes dumps all day hey baby
all right Tom this week in comedy zone
people come out to you come out to the
comedy zone in uh with it Duvall yeah it
was like people yell Duvall - so Dubai
it was just on the doo-doo ba-bow there
you go I'll take it
menace you don't understand chef James
no sorry hahaha
alright check out Tom Segura at the
comedy zone this week and get ticket
info at comedy zone.com